basicSelenium/TareaEliminar.java
 basicSelenium.TareaEliminar
controls/Label.java
 controls.Label
factoryBrowser/IBrowser.java
 factoryBrowser.IBrowser
factoryBrowser/FireFox.java
 factoryBrowser.FireFox
controls/Button.java
 controls.Button
factoryBrowser/Chrome.java
 factoryBrowser.Chrome
factoryBrowser/Edge.java
 factoryBrowser.Edge
controls/TextBox.java
 controls.TextBox
pomPages/todoLy/Menu.java
 pomPages.todoLy.Menu
basicSelenium/BasicTest.java
 basicSelenium.BasicTest
controls/Image.java
 controls.Image
basicSelenium/BasicTodoLyTest.java
 basicSelenium.BasicTodoLyTest
pomPages/todoLy/LoginModal.java
 pomPages.todoLy.LoginModal
controls/CheckBox.java
 controls.CheckBox
testClean/DeleteProjectTest.java
 testClean.DeleteProjectTest
pomPages/todoLy/MainPage.java
 pomPages.todoLy.MainPage
factoryBrowser/BrowserStack.java
 factoryBrowser.BrowserStack
pomPages/todoist/LeftE.java
 pomPages.todoist.LeftE
factoryBrowser/FactoryBrowser.java
 factoryBrowser.FactoryBrowser
pomPages/todoist/CenterE.java
 pomPages.todoist.CenterE
pomPages/todoLy/Center.java
 pomPages.todoLy.Center
testClean/LoginTest.java
 testClean.LoginTest
controls/Control.java
 controls.Control
pomPages/todoLy/Left.java
 pomPages.todoLy.Left
testCleanItem/CRUDItemTest.java
 testCleanItem.CRUDItemTest
singletonSess/Session.java
 singletonSess.Session
testClean/UpdateProjectTest.java
 testClean.UpdateProjectTest
testClean/CreateProjectTest.java
 testClean.CreateProjectTest
pomPages/todoist/LoginModalEjer.java
 pomPages.todoist.LoginModalEjer
pomPages/todoist/RigthE.java
 pomPages.todoist.RigthE
testCleanProjectEjer/CreateCountTest.java
 testCleanProjectEjer.CreateCountTest
